Lombok: Don't set env var if it's already set (#1844)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - The beta [Project Lombok](https://projectlombok.org/) support for Java will no longer override manually-configured Lombok support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in CodeQL Action 2.21.3 onwards that affected beta support for [Project Lombok](https://projectlombok.org/) when analyzing Java. The environment variable `CODEQL_EXTRACTOR_JAVA_RUN_ANNOTATION_PROCESSORS` will now be respected if it was manually configured in the workflow. [#1844](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/1844)
```
